---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Press Play
---

<div>
  <p>
    After putting my life on pause for about 10 days being super sick, I have resumed the fun. My life has changed a little bit since Radek has arrived. I have a little more down time and I spend much more time with him. In the mornings, we caffeinate on his terrace until we slowly find something to do for the day. Since I now feel much better, I have been skating, hanging out with my friends, playing soccer, and in general being much more active. 
  </p>

  <p>
    In my down time, I have been making an effort to learn Romanian, spending about an hour or so every day on Duolingo, on my computer, or just learning different vocabulary words. I really don't want to get to Romania and not be able to communicate, let alone make friends. The language is actually really hard; <i>supposedly</i> it's a Romance language, but it is SUPER different from Spanish or Catalan. In Spanish there are 3 verb groups and a managable amount of irregular verbs, while in Romanian there are 4 verb groups and a ton of irregular verbs. I almost feel like they are telling me, "here are the rules for each verb group, but they don't actually apply most of the time so good luck". The other frustrating part of learning Romanian is the fact that there aren't as many good resources out there as there are for more "popular" languages. Either way, I'm really happy to have something to be excited about educationally. My goal is to get to a point that in November I can call my aunt and practice some broken Romanian.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    
  </p>

</div> 
